All Foxes (and hybrids) Drink!
Spinner, if you can say you're a switch with a straight face then drink
Spinner, if you like boobs then drink
Everyone, if you've spilled your drink in VR then drink (Without spilling it!)
Everyone, if you have hooves then drink
Spinner, if you've called someone you are not related to 'mommy' or 'daddy' then drink
Everyone, if your main Avatar has a skirt then drink
Spinner, drink if you like sitting in laps uwu
Everyone, drink if your current avatar has NSFW bits
Spinner, Take one drink and give out two drinks
Spinner, The person across from you drinks
Everyone, if you live with 2 or more people take a shot
Everyone, if you have a pet or are a pet then drink
Spinner, drink if you've ever ERP'd before
Spinner, drink if you're wearing anything sexy IRL
All Rabbits (and hybrids) Drink!
Everyone, Smoke 'em if you got 'em!
Everyone paws up! Last one up drinks
Spinner, Drink if you're gay
Group Shot!
Group Water Shot!
Spinner, take a drink of water and share one with a friend
All Gremlins drink!
All Tops Drink!
All Bottoms Drink!
Spinner, Say "Never have I ever..." with something you've never done. Everyone that has done that has to drink
All Furries Drink!
Al Capone, Spinner gives 3 shots
Sleeping with the Fishes, spinner takes a shot of water
Wearing a Wire, spinner takes two shots and gives two to a friend
Day of My Daughter's wedding, Group Shot X2!
Spinner, if anyone at the table has actually seen you top then drink
All Felines Drink!
All Canines Drink!
All Kobolds Drink!
All Aquatic animals take a shot of water
Splash Damage! You and the two people beside you drink
Jam Band! Play an air instrument with sound effects or take a shot
Spinner, take two shots
Spinner, propose a toast to a body part of someone at the table
Spinner, Propose a toast
Group Shot X2!
Party Favor! Spinner takes 3 shots
Everyone, If you've had to clean lube off of your controller thake a shot, if you've cleaned bodily fluids off take 2
Bottom of the month drinks 2!
